given time some plants will choke these
still waters of the Amazon water
hyacinth is everywhere in the world's
largest rodent will eat plenty of it the
capybara is the size of a small pig and
is usually found wallowing around water
large group of them are magnets to local
carnivores built for the aquatic
lifestyle a capybaras ears eyes and
nostrils are held above water when it
swims and webbed feet
make it fast the Amazon is equivalent to
the crocodile is the caiman just as
savage 10 metres of anaconda another
formidable predator it will squeeze the
life out of its prey
both these big reptiles will try and
catch capybara if they can